Add Customizing Fonts article to iOS Documentation (#2594)
maplibre/maplibre-native: platform/ios/MapLibre.docc/Customizing_Fonts.md

# Customizing Fonts

Using custom fonts

MapLibre Native iOS can render text that is part of an ``MLNSymbolStyleLayer`` in a font of your choice. The font customization options discussed in this document do not apply to user interface elements such as the scale bar or annotation callout views.

## Server-side fonts

> By default, the map renders characters using glyphs downloaded from the server. You apply fonts when building a style with [Maputnik](https://studio.mapbox.com/), in the `text-font` layout property in style JSON, or in the ``MLNSymbolStyleLayer/textFontNames`` property at runtime. The values in these properties must be font display names, not font family names or PostScript names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the map renders characters using glyphs downloaded from the server. You apply fonts when building a style with [Maputnik](https://maputnik.github.io), in the `text-font` layout property in style JSON, or in the ``MLNSymbolStyleLayer/textFontNames`` property at runtime. The values in these properties must be font display names, not font family names or PostScript names.
```

Each font name in the list must match a font that is present on the server; otherwise, the text will not load, even if one of the fonts is available. Each font name must be included in the `{fontstack}` portion of the JSON stylesheet’s [`glyphs`](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-style-spec/glyphs/) property.

[Martin](https://maplibre.org/martin/sources-fonts.html) can serve fonts directly. You can also generate fonts with [font-maker](https://github.com/maplibre/font-maker).

## Client-side fonts

By default, Chinese hanzi, Japanese kana, and Korean hangul characters (CJK) are rendered on the client side. Client-side text rendering uses less bandwidth than server-side text rendering, especially when viewing regions of the map that feature a wide variety of CJK characters.

> First, the map attempts to apply a font that you specify the same way as you would specify a server-side font: in [Maputnik](https://studio.mapbox.com/), in the `text-font` layout property in style JSON, or in the `MLNSymbolStyleLayer.textFontNames` property at runtime. Instead of downloading the glyphs, the map tries to find a [system font](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/system-fonts/) or a font [bundled with your application](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/text_display_and_fonts/adding_a_custom_font_to_your_app) that matches one of these fonts based on its family name (for example, “PingFang TC”), display name (“PingFang TC Ultralight”), or PostScript name (“PingFangTC-Ultralight”).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the map attempts to apply a font that you specify the same way as you would specify a server-side font: in [Maputnik](https://maputnik.github.io), in the `text-font` layout property in style JSON, or in the `MLNSymbolStyleLayer.textFontNames` property at runtime. Instead of downloading the glyphs, the map tries to find a [system font](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/system-fonts/) or a font [bundled with your application](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/text_display_and_fonts/adding_a_custom_font_to_your_app) that matches one of these fonts based on its family name (for example, “PingFang TC”), display name (“PingFang TC Ultralight”), or PostScript name (“PingFangTC-Ultralight”).
```
